README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fs0mbra-1973%2FTrevor&label=People%20Interested%20in%20Trevor%20Injector%202026%3A&labelColor=%23000000&countColor=%23000d00)  

**Trevor Injector 2026**  | Any Process | Any Game | Multi.DLL In Memory Process Injector for Windows 11  
**NEW!: Metamorphic Engine | PQC Lattice Shield | Threadless Hijacking | Windows 11 Stealth Injector**

<a href="https://imgbb.com/"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/Fkb78k72/Trevor-Injector-2026-peq.png" alt="Trevor Injector 2026 peq" border="0"></a>

# COMING SOON

# 🛡️ Trevor Injector 2026: The New Standard

> **Current Status:** In Active Development / Alpha Testing  
> **Estimated Arrival:** Q1 2026

The game has changed. Standard manual mappers are no longer enough to bypass modern, AI-driven telemetry and heuristic scanners. **Trevor Injector 2026** is a complete architectural reimagining, designed to provide the highest level of OPSEC and execution stealth available in the public domain.

---

## 🚀 The 2026 Tech Stack

### 🧬 Metamorphic Engine v2
In **Trevor Injector 2026**, signatures are obsolete. Our new engine ensures that no two binaries are ever the same.
* **Code Mutation:** Every build reshuffles its internal function order and registers used.
* **Junk Instruction Insertion:** Dynamically injected NOP-sleds and mathematical noise break pattern recognition.
* **Variable Entry Points:** The execution flow changes with every session, rendering static entry-point analysis useless.

### 🔐 Quantum-Resistant Logic (PQC)
We are integrating **Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC)** not just for hype, but for real-world analysis resistance.
* **Lattice-Based Opaque Predicates:** Utilizing "Learning With Errors" (LWE) mathematical problems to protect the injector's decision-making flow. 
* **Anti-Emulation:** These quantum-secure mathematical mazes are computationally expensive for AV sandboxes to solve, causing them to time out or fail during heuristic analysis.
* **Logic Shield:** Crucial injection steps are locked behind these PQC barriers, protecting the source's "how-to" from modern decompilers.

### 🌑 Threadless Execution & Hijacking
The most dangerous part of injection is the creation of a new thread. **Trevor 2026** eliminates this risk.
* **APC/Context Hijacking:** We've moved away from `CreateRemoteThread`. The injector now "borrows" existing, legitimate threads from the target process to execute your payload.
* **VAD Stealth:** Advanced memory allocation techniques to mask the `MEM_COMMIT` regions from simple memory scanners.

### 🤖 Smart Telemetry Monitor
A new, lightweight "Sentinel" module that scans your system's "heat" before acting.
* **Hook Detection:** Identifies if system APIs are being monitored by EDRs.
* **Safety Windows:** Analyzes system activity to find the optimal micro-second to perform the mapping, avoiding detection by behavior-based triggers.

---

## 📈 Roadmap & Evolution

| Milestone | Feature | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Phase I** | PQC Logic & Lattice Implementation | ✅ Complete |
| **Phase II** | Metamorphic Engine Integration | 🔄 Testing |
| **Phase III** | Threadless Hijacking Refinement | 🔄 In Progress |
| **Phase IV** | **Public Release 2026** | 📅 Soon |

---

## ⚠️ Developer Note
**Trevor Injector 2026** is being built for educational research into advanced memory forensics and defensive evasion. It is designed for those who demand the absolute peak of modern software engineering.

**The repository will be updated with the new branch as soon as the final stability tests are passed.**

</div>

Commit message:

Update README with new tagline for Trevor Injector
Added a new tagline for Trevor Injector 2026.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fs0mbra-1973%2FTrevor&label=People%20Interested%20in%20Trevor%20Injector%202026%3A&labelColor=%23000000&countColor=%23000d00)  

**Trevor Injector 2026**  | Any Process | Any Game | Multi.DLL In Memory Process Injector for Windows 11  
**NEW!: Metamorphic Engine | PQC Lattice Shield | Threadless Hijacking | Windows 11 Stealth Injector**

<a href="https://imgbb.com/"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/Fkb78k72/Trevor-Injector-2026-peq.png" alt="Trevor Injector 2026 peq" border="0"></a>

# COMING SOON
# Trevor Injector 2026: While they study the past, we are encrypting the future. Mathematical Invisibility."

# 🛡️ Trevor Injector 2026: The New Standard

> **Current Status:** In Active Development / Alpha Testing  
> **Estimated Arrival:** Q1 2026

The game has changed. Standard manual mappers are no longer enough to bypass modern, AI-driven telemetry and heuristic scanners. **Trevor Injector 2026** is a complete architectural reimagining, designed to provide the highest level of OPSEC and execution stealth available in the public domain.

---

## 🚀 The 2026 Tech Stack

### 🧬 Metamorphic Engine v2
In **Trevor Injector 2026**, signatures are obsolete. Our new engine ensures that no two binaries are ever the same.
* **Code Mutation:** Every build reshuffles its internal function order and registers used.
* **Junk Instruction Insertion:** Dynamically injected NOP-sleds and mathematical noise break pattern recognition.
* **Variable Entry Points:** The execution flow changes with every session, rendering static entry-point analysis useless.

### 🔐 Quantum-Resistant Logic (PQC)
We are integrating **Post-Quantum Cryptography (PQC)** not just for hype, but for real-world analysis resistance.
* **Lattice-Based Opaque Predicates:** Utilizing "Learning With Errors" (LWE) mathematical problems to protect the injector's decision-making flow. 
* **Anti-Emulation:** These quantum-secure mathematical mazes are computationally expensive for AV sandboxes to solve, causing them to time out or fail during heuristic analysis.
* **Logic Shield:** Crucial injection steps are locked behind these PQC barriers, protecting the source's "how-to" from modern decompilers.

### 🌑 Threadless Execution & Hijacking
The most dangerous part of injection is the creation of a new thread. **Trevor 2026** eliminates this risk.
* **APC/Context Hijacking:** We've moved away from `CreateRemoteThread`. The injector now "borrows" existing, legitimate threads from the target process to execute your payload.
* **VAD Stealth:** Advanced memory allocation techniques to mask the `MEM_COMMIT` regions from simple memory scanners.

### 🤖 Smart Telemetry Monitor
A new, lightweight "Sentinel" module that scans your system's "heat" before acting.
* **Hook Detection:** Identifies if system APIs are being monitored by EDRs.
* **Safety Windows:** Analyzes system activity to find the optimal micro-second to perform the mapping, avoiding detection by behavior-based triggers.

---

## 📈 Roadmap & Evolution

| Milestone | Feature | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Phase I** | PQC Logic & Lattice Implementation | ✅ Complete |
| **Phase II** | Metamorphic Engine Integration | 🔄 Testing |
| **Phase III** | Threadless Hijacking Refinement | 🔄 In Progress |
| **Phase IV** | **Public Release 2026** | 📅 Soon |

---

## ⚠️ Developer Note
**Trevor Injector 2026** is being built for educational research into advanced memory forensics and defensive evasion. It is designed for those who demand the absolute peak of modern software engineering.

**The repository will be updated with the new branch as soon as the final stability tests are passed.**

</div>
